Docs automation (#212)
elasticio/elasticio.github.io: scripts/README.md

# Usage of Script

## Description

> This scripts creates pull requests in [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script creates a pull request in [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io) 
```

See also examples of **circle.ci** configs for:
1. [Java](circle_java.yml)
2. [NodeJs](node_java.yml)

## Environment Variables
| Name                 | Description                                                                              |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | DOCS_GITHUB_TOKEN    | Token with read/write to elasticio.github.io repository                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DOCS_GITHUB_TOKEN    | Token with a read/write to elasticio.github.io repository                                  |
```

> | DOCS_GITHUB_EMAIL    | Email of user, this user will be used to create PR in elasticio.github.io repository     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DOCS_GITHUB_EMAIL    | Email of a user, this user will be used to create a PR in elasticio.github.io repository     |
```

> | DOCS_GITHUB_USERNAME | Username of user, this user will be used to create PR in  elasticio.github.io repository |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DOCS_GITHUB_USERNAME | Username of a user, this user will be used to create a PR in  elasticio.github.io repository |
```

#### Examples
1) `bash create_pr.bash -p /path/to/component -n utility-component` - creates docs for utility component. It is assumed that component root is in provided path.
2) `bash create_pr.bash -n salesforce-component` - creates docs for salesforce component. It is assumed that component root is in output of command `pwd`.

## How to use
1) Setup circle.ci for your project
2) Create environment variables described in `Environment Variables` section
3) Open example circle.ci file for [Java](circle_java.yml) or [NodeJs](node_java.yml)
4) Copy paste `docs` job to `jobs` section of your `config.yml` file
5) In step `Create PR` provide correct values for options `n` - **name of target markdown file without extension** and `p` - path to component in system **can be omitted in circle.ci**
6) Copy paste `deploy_docs` workflow to `workflows` section of your `config.yml` file
7) Create environment variable `DOCS_GITHUB_TOKEN` in your circle.ci configs for project with value: token for technical user: `username`  with correct rights to push into [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io). Can be found in Bitwarden.

## How it works

> 1) Clone repository [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io) locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Clones the repository [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io) locally
```

> 2) Create branch with name: `docs-update-$project_name-$current_time` where is: $project_name - provided name in option `n`, $current_time - epoch time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Creates a branch with the name: `docs-update-$project_name-$current_time` where is: $project_name - provided name in option `n`, $current_time - epoch time.
```

> 3) Switch to created branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Switches to the created branch
```

> 4) Copy README.md file from provided in option `p` path.  If option not provided, default value is output of `pwd` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) Copies the README.md file from provided in option `p` path.  If the option is not provided, the default value is an output of `pwd` command
```

> 5) Replace content of `/content/_components/$project_name.md` with content of README.md from previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Replaces a content of `/content/_components/$project_name.md` with a content of README.md from the previous step.
```

> 6) Create a default header with following information(title, layout, section) in updated file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6) Creates a default header with the following information(title, layout, section) in an updated file
```

> 7) Commit and push changes to [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7) Commits and pushes the changes to the [elasticio.github.io repository](https://github.com/elasticio/elasticio.github.io)
```

> 8) Using github API create pull request into mater with title: `Updating docs for component: $project_name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8) Using GitHub API creates a pull request into the master with the title: `Updating docs for the component: $project_name`
```
